Update files-troubleshoot-smb-authentication.md (#1259)
MicrosoftDocs/SupportArticles-docs: support/azure/azure-storage/files-troubleshoot-smb-authentication.md

1. Update any internal DNS references to point to the private link.
1. Retry mounting the share.

> Error AADSTS50105- 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Error AADSTS50105
```

> The request was interrupted by the following challenge: AADSTS50105: Your administrator has configured the application "Enterprise application name" to block users unless they are specifically granted ('assigned') access to the application.  The signed in user '{EmailHidden}' is blocked because they are not a direct member of a group with access, nor had access directly assigned by an administrator. Please contact your administrator to assign access to this application."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The request was interrupted by the following challenge: AADSTS50105: Your administrator has configured the application "Enterprise application name" to block users unless they are specifically granted ('assigned') access to the application.  The signed in user '{EmailHidden}' is blocked because they are not a direct member of a group with access, nor had access directly assigned by an administrator. Please contact your administrator to assign access to this application.
```

Cause
If you set up "assignment required" for the corresponding enterpsie application, you won't be able to get a kerberos ticket and Azure AD sign-in logs have an error even though user or group are assigned to the application.

Solution

> Do not select Assignment required for Azure AD application for storage account as we don't populate entitlements in the Kerberos ticket that we return back to the requestor(Not needed for this flow)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Don't select **Assignment required for Azure AD application** for storage account because we don't populate entitlements in the Kerberos ticket that we return back to the requestor.
```
